<!-- All university students should be required to take history courses
	no matter what their field or study is. -->

As often discussed, history, is one of the significant aspect of every civilization
and the courses of which are in most cases offered in the universities. Whether a
student should take it or not depends on the rule of the university and his or her
own preference. Sometimes students are forced to take some courses, and as far as I
am concerned history is one of those courses.

First, history, as mentioned above, is one of the significant aspect of all
civilizations. This is undoubtedly correct to any countries on Earth. To make a
cohesive nation, religous and history are the most effective tools. This is probably
the reason why nearly all universities provide history courses -- everyone knows a
little about their countries' history, and they're pround of their knowledge about
it. To some extent, it's a kind of honor. "Knowing a lot about history" is often
associated with "knowledgeable", which is a key aspect of a person to gain approval
from others.

Second, history is experience. In my country, history is usually likened to be a
mirror, reflecting the pros and cons of everything happened in the contemporary
era. Like, the way Abraham Lincoln has gained support from Americans greatly inspired
many politics individuals and parties to acquire followers, and the story of Micheal
Jackson urged lots of musicians and artists to go towards success. Histroy is not
simply "history", it's a collection of stories about every detail of the world's
development, it's a great learning material. College students really should take
such courses in any condition.

Anyway, taking several courses will not spend too much time. With all those factors
mentioned above considered, it is acceptable for all university students to take
history courses.

